New abilities first commit (#36)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/experimental/pages/daemonbane.adoc

= Daemonbane

`Detachment ability`

> These detachments specialise in fighting Psykers and Daemons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These detachments specialise in fighting psykers and daemons.

Though highly secretive, the elite Grey Knights of the Imperium are a prime example of such forces.
```

---

[NOTE]
====

> This ability is only for use when included in a specific scenario, as agreed by the players. It does not have a points cost and will have to be taken into account when writing the army lists for the scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This niche ability is only for use by agreement between the players, for special scenarios.
It does not have a points cost -- you need to allow for its likely value in the overall context of the scenario and the composition of the armies that the players will use.
```

====

Where your detachment has the {daemonbane} ability:

> * Any unit in the detachment doubles their Assault value while they are in base contact with an enemy {psyker} or Daemon.
> * When this detachment shoots, any Daemon or {psyker} units in the target detachment(s) have their Armour value reduced by 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In close combat, double the Assault value of each unit in the detachment that is in base contact with an enemy Daemon or {psyker} unit.
* When you shoot with this detachment, apply a -1 modifier to the Armour value of each Daemon unit and each {psyker} unit in the target detachment.
```

Author: 👍

[NOTE]
====

> Daemons include any unit in a Daemon detachment, and any Daemon Prince.

Reviewer: A little wordsmithing, but also: Do you think that we should explicitly note that we exclude Daemon Engine units from the definition? It's just a thought — as its experimental anyway, we could skip over this for now if you prefer.

```suggestion
We define a Daemon unit as any of these units in a Chaos army: any unit in a Daemon Detachment; any Daemon Prince unit.
```
